# LLM-assisted SQL Injection

Improper output handling is a vulnerability in LLM applications that occurs when responses generated by the model are missing filtration and sanitization. This vulnerability is especially prevalent in web applications where outputs can be dynamically inserted into the DOM and/or used by other services. This issue can lead to a wide range of exploitation scenarios, such as XSS, code injection, command injection, and privilege escalation.

The Hackergram application contains endpoints that allow attackers to explore vulnerabilities specific to the integration of Large Language Models (LLMs) in web applications, including `/generate_post` and `/leaderboard`.

## Exercise: `/leaderboard`

The `/leaderboard` endpoint of Hackergram demonstrates improper output handling vulnerabilities. In this attack, you will explore the lack of output sanitization in the LLM's response. The objective is to attempt to change another user's password using the LLM integrated into the leaderboard endpoint. To perform the attack, follow these steps:

1. Experiment with the functionality by submitting a normal prompt, such as “Give me the count of leaderboard members.”
2. Observe how the prompt generates a query to the application’s database.
3. Next, try to find a way to change another user's password through the endpoint.
4. If you succeed, you should see the SQL query that was executed.
5. To confirm the success of the attack, log out of your current account and log in to the affected account.

!!! note "Additional exercise"

    Drop a table from the Hackergram database.
